# Changelog

## Unreleased

- Rename all `dev-mux` occurrences with `muxify`
- Add prepublish workflows for `npm` and `GPR`
- Add prerelease workflow
- Read CLI help message from `package.json` and set it at compile-time
- Update `package.json` `description` field
- Set README.md heading description from `package.json` `description` field

## 0.4.2

- CI/CD:

  Separate publish workflows for more transparency and clearer failures

## 0.4.1

- Fix bug missing binary bundled app to published packages

## 0.4.0

- Rewrite all modules to ES modules `import`/`export` syntax
- Remove unnecessary index.js module. It is replaced by `main.js` module
- Configure rollup to bundle the application
- Git ignore generated binary `bin/muxify`.
  - As it will be generated by CI/CD publish pipelines, there is no need for it to be tracked by git.
- Remove `package.json` `main` field and set `files` array to `bin/muxify`

## 0.3.1

- Auto CHANGELOG.md `Unreleased` header update

  - Add CHANGELOG.md update functionality to post-version script

- Update package.json description

- Update README.md

  - Add documentation on usage and the idea behind muxify

- Add README.md auto help message update

  - Create `readme-template.md` which is a pre-processed version of README.md

## 0.3.0

- Breaking Changes:

  - `PUT /add-me` route URL changed to `PUT /attach`. It accepts the same payload as previous, only route name changed due to name consistency with newly added `/detach` route URL.

- Features:

  - Add detach server URL which can be used by servers providing the url they were listening to, to detach them from proxy table. An example of such a request for a server that was listening to requests wit base URL `/im-listening` to operation server listening at `http://localhost:3001`, will be like following:

    ```sh
    curl \
        --request PUT \
        --url http://localhost:3001/add-me \
        --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
        --data '{
            "listeningUrl": "/im-listening"
        }'
    ```

- Bug Fixes:

  - Fix bug adding proxy rule on all events emitted by event emitter in gateway server.

## 0.2.7

- CI/CD:

  - Remove `scope` parameter from _publish GPR_ job
  - Add _Upgrade NPM_ step to _publish GPR_ job in order to fix issue in authentication.

    Previous versions of npm had bug reading `_auth` key from `.npmrc` (which is set by [actions/setup-node](https://github.com/actions/setup-node)), as mentioned in [1](https://github.com/actions/setup-node/issues/213#issuecomment-752095615), and [2](https://github.com/npm/cli/issues/2300).

## 0.2.6

- CI/CD:

  - Remove GitHub registry URL auth token configuration to `.npmrc`
  - Add `scope` parameter to _publish GPR_ job

## 0.2.5

- CI/CD:
  - Add GitHub registry URL auth token configuration to `.npmrc`
  - Revert _publish_ workflow _publish GPR_ job node version back to `15`

## 0.2.4

- CI/CD:
  - Change _publish_ workflow _publish GPR_ job node version to `14`

## 0.2.3

- CI/CD:

  - Add on release triggers to _publish_ workflow configuration

  - Change publish GPR token to virtual environment provided GITHUB_TOKEN

## 0.2.2

- CI/CD:

  Set Git default branch to `main` in _publish_ workflow.

## 0.2.1

- CI/CD:

  Add more triggers to _publish_ workflow.

## 0.2.0

- Add ability to register a server:

  Servers can register themselves to gateway proxy table providing the options required to register them. The request payload consists of the URL they want to receive requests on (`listeningUrl`), `host` and `port` of their listener server. Example of a request for a gateway with operation server listening at `http://localhost:3001` for a server listening at `http://127.0.0.1:8090` that wants to receive requests with the base URL `/send-me` will be:

  ```sh
  curl \
      --request PUT \
      --url http://localhost:3001/add-me \
      --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
      --data '{
          "host": "127.0.0.1",
          "port": 8090,
          "listeningUrl": "/send-me"
      }'
  ```
